README.md, before:

![Cover](public/context9.png)

# Context9 - Bring Live Doc into Your Agent Context

<div align="center">
  <p><b>Up-to-date</b> &middot; <b>Local-first</b> &middot; <b>Low-hallucination</b></p>
</div>

<div align="center">

**[X](https://x.com/prismshadow_ai)** · **[Discord](https://discord.gg/4TQ2bsSb)** · **[Issues](https://github.com/Prism-Shadow/context9/issues)**

</div>

<div align="center">

[![Apache 2.0 licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
![MCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/MCP-Native-brightgreen)

</div>

<div align="center">

[![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-简体中文-orange)](./docs/README.zh-CN.md)
[![繁體中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-繁體中文-darkorange)](./docs/README.zh-HK.md)
[![日本語](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-日本語-red)](./docs/README.ja.md)
[![한국어 문서](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-한국어-darkred)](./docs/README.ko.md)

</div>

---

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/553ab8a2-5227-42fa-a8bd-692cd13c0b96

## Why Context9?

- 🎯 Up-to-date knowledge: Real-time knowledge synchronization and reduce AI agent hallucinations.
- 🔐 Local-first: Fully open sourced and deploy on your own server, safely access your private knowledge.
- ⚙️ Easy-to-use Web UI: Easily manage your repositories and API-key permissions through the Context9 Panel.


## What Context9 Actually Does

**Context9 (Context Mine)** is an MCP (Model Context Protocol) server. With local deployment, Context9 securely feeds agents with the most up-to-date documentation, reducing LLM hallucinations.


<div style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="public/overview.png" alt="overview" style="width: 80%; height: auto;">
</div>


## Install Context9

### Run Context9 server

```shell
docker run -d \
    --name context9 \
    -p 8011:8011 \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    ghcr.io/prism-shadow/context9:latest \
    python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 600
```

Or you can specify the port on which Context9 runs.

```shell
docker run -d \
    --name context9 \
    -e CONTEXT9_PORT=<port> \
    -p <port>:<port> \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    ghcr.io/prism-shadow/context9:latest \
    python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 600
```

## Configure Context9

### Login to Context9

Visit `http://<server_ip>:8011/` to login to Context9

- Default username: `ctx9-admin`
- Default password: `88888888`

Remember to change the default password when you first log in to Context9.

![login](public/login.png)


### Add repositories

Add the repositories you need in Context9 by filling in the repository owner, repository name, and branch.
- For private repositories, you also need to provide a [GitHub Token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens)

![repo](public/repo.png)

### Add API Keys

Generate an API key that can be used to access Context9.

![api_key](public/api_key.png)

After generating the API key, you need to configure which repositories the API key is allowed to access.

![key2repo](public/key2repo.png)

### Test Context9 (Optional)

You can test your configured Context9 instance by simply entering the current Context9 Server IP and API key in the MCP Inspector.

![inspector](public/inspector.png)


## Integrate Context9 with Agent

After deploying the Context9 service, you can seamlessly integrate both private and public real-time code documentation into your agents. You can connect to the Context9 MCP service using tools such as Cursor and Claude Code.

### Install in Cursor

Go to: `Settings` ->`Cursor Settings` -> `Tools & MCP` -> `Add a Custom MCP Server`

Paste the configuration below into `~/.cursor/mcp.json`. If you want to configure Context9 for a specific project only, create `.cursor/mcp.json` in the project directory and paste the configuration there.

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Context9": {
      "url": "http://<server_ip>:8011/api/mcp/",
      "headers": {
        "Authorization": "Bearer <CTX9_API_KEY>"
      }
    }
  }
}
```


### Install in Claude Code
Run the following command to add Context9 to Claude Code.

```shell
claude mcp add --transport http Context9 http://<server_ip>:8011/api/mcp/ --header "Authorization: Bearer <CTX9_API_KEY>"
```


### Suggestions for Context9 Usage

To avoid adding extra prompts every time you use Context9, we recommend that you:


- Use `CLAUDE.md` in Claude Code.
- Use `AGENTS.md` for Cursor, CodeX and other agents.
- Add rules in Cursor.

#### Use `CLAUDE.md` for Claude Code

Add a prompt to CLAUDE.md to enable Context9:

```
- Always retrieve required documentation via Context9
```

#### Use `AGENT.md` for Cursor, CodeX and other agents

Add rules to AGENTS.md, for example:

```text
Rules:
- Always retrieve required documentation via Context9
```

#### Add Rule for Cursor

Go to: `Setting` -> `Rules and Commands` -> `Add Rule`

Rule example:

```text
Always use Context9 MCP to obtain the necessary documentation, regardless of whether I explicitly ask for it.
```

## Work with Context9

### Set up entry documentation

To enable Context9 to correctly discover and index your repository documentation, each repository should provide a Spec document.
By default, Context9 expects a file named spec.md at the root of the repository.

```text
your-repo/
├── spec.md          ← Specification entry point
├── README.md
├── docs/
│   └── ...
└── ...
```

> If you need to use a different filename or path, remember to update the repository configuration.


### Use relative link in documentation

You do not need to think about MCP, indexing, or document resolution. Just maintain documentation links using normal repository-relative paths, exactly as you would for human readers.

Example in documentation.

```markdown
## Related Documents
- [Detailed Guide](docs/detailed-guide.md)
- [API Reference](guides/api-reference.md)
- [FAQ](faq.md)
```

As long as these links are valid within the repository, Context9 will:

- Discover the documents
- Index them correctly
- Make them available to AI agents in real time


## Deploy Context9 from source
<details>
<summary>Expand</summary>

<h3>GUI Deployment</h3>

<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>

<ul>
<li>Python >= 3.10</li>
<li>Node.js >= 18</li>
<li>Repository access (public or with authentication token)</li>
</ul>

<h4>Clone Context9 repository</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell">git clone https://github.com/Prism-Shadow/context9.git && cd context9
</code></pre>

<h4>Set up python environment</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Install the package
uv sync

# Or install with development dependencies
uv sync --dev
</code></pre>

<h4>Install frontend dependencies</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell">cd gui
npm install
cd ..
</code></pre>

<h4>Configure Environment</h4>

<p>Set the following environment variables (create a <code>.env</code> file, see <a href=".env_example">.env example</a> or export them directly):</p>

<ul>
<li><code>CONTEXT9_PORT</code> (Optional): Specifies the port number on which the Context9 service runs. Defaults to 8011.</li>
</ul>

<pre><code class="language-env">CONTEXT9_PORT=xxxx
</code></pre>

<h4>Build GUI and launch server</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Build frontend and start backend (serves GUI + API on the same port)
# Server is running on port 8011, visit http://&lt;server_ip&gt;:8011/
uv run python scripts/start.py --github_sync_interval 600

# Update repos every 60 seconds
uv run python scripts/start.py --github_sync_interval 60
</code></pre>

<p>Once started, open the GUI at: <code>http://&lt;server_ip&gt;:8011/</code></p>

<h4>Launch Context9 GUI with Docker</h4>

<p>You can also run the GUI deployment using Docker. Context9 provides a ready-to-use <a href="docker/Dockerfile">Dockerfile</a>.</p>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Build docker image
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile -t context9-gui:latest .

# Run docker container
docker run -d \
    --name context9-gui \
    -p 8011:8011 \
    --env-file .env \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    context9-gui:latest \
    python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 600
</code></pre>

<p>The GUI and API are served from the same port. Open <code>http://&lt;server_ip&gt;:8011/</code> in your browser.</p>

<p>The default login username is <code>ctx9-admin</code>, and the default password is <code>88888888</code>. Change password when you login to Context9.</p>

<h3>CLI Deployment</h3>

<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>

<ul>
<li>Python >= 3.10</li>
<li>Repository access (public or with authentication token)</li>
<li>Optional: Webhook setup for event-based updates</li>
</ul>

<h4>Clone Context9 repository</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell">git clone https://github.com/Prism-Shadow/context9.git && cd context9
</code></pre>

<h4>Set up python environment</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Install the package
uv sync

# Or install with development dependencies
uv sync --dev
</code></pre>

<h4>Configure repository</h4>

<p>Configure the repositories you need in <code>config.yaml</code> (private &amp; public repositories)</p>

<p>An example of <code>config.yaml</code> file. <a href="config_example.yaml">config example</a></p>
<pre><code class="language-yaml"># config.yaml
repos:
# Private Repo 1
  - owner: OwnerName
    repo: RepoName
    branch: BranchName
    root_spec_path: RootSpecPath
# Private Repo 2 (Default root_spec_path is spec.md)
  - owner: OwnerName
    repo: RepoName
    branch: BranchName
# Public Repo 1 (Example: sglang)
  - owner: sgl-project
    repo: sglang
    branch: main
    root_spec_path: README.md
</code></pre>

<p>You can include both private and public repositories.</p>

<details>
<summary><b>Configure public repos</b></summary>
<p>Simply specify the repository owner, name, and branch in <code>config.yaml</code>.</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Configure private repos</b></summary>

<ol>
  <li>
    Specify the repository owner, name, and branch in
    <code>config.yaml</code>.
  </li>
  <li>
    Add an authentication token with repository access permissions
    to your environment.
    <a href="#configure-environment">Configure environment</a>
  </li>
</ol>

</details>

<h4>Configure Environment</h4>

<p>Set the following environment variables (create a <code>.env</code> file or export them directly):</p>
<ul>
<li><code>CTX9_API_KEY</code> (Required): API key used for server authentication to access private resources. <strong>Specified by an administrator. Keep it random and confidential.</strong></li>
<li><code>GITHUB_TOKEN</code> (Optional): Required when configuring private repositories in <code>config.yaml</code>. This is not limited to a GitHub personal access token—any organization-issued repository access token is supported, as long as it conforms to the GitHub API specification.</li>
<li><code>CONTEXT9_PORT</code> (Optional): Specifies the port number on which the Context9 MCP service runs. If not specified, it defaults to 8011.</li>
</ul>

<p>An example of <code>.env</code> file. <a href=".env_example">.env example</a></p>

<pre><code class="language-env">GITHUB_TOKEN=github_token
CTX9_API_KEY=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

# Optional
CONTEXT9_PORT=8080
</code></pre>

<h4>Launch Context9 server</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Default:
# Sync repos every 600 seconds (10 minutes)
# Run server on port 8011
uv run python -m context9.server --config_file config.yaml

# Sync repos every 60 seconds (1 minute)
uv run python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 60 --config_file config.yaml

# Run server on port 8080 (or define CONTEXT9_PORT in .env)
CONTEXT9_PORT=8080 uv run python -m context9.server --config_file config.yaml
</code></pre>

<h4>Launch Context9 Server with Docker</h4>

<p>You can also run Context9 using Docker. Context9 provides a ready-to-use <a href="docker/Dockerfile-cli">Dockerfile</a>.</p>

<p>The <code>config.yaml</code> file is included in the Docker image during the build process, so there is no need to provide it again when starting the container.</p>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Build docker image
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile-cli -t context9:latest .

# Run docker container
# Change port mapping according to your .env
docker run -d \
    --name context9 \
    -p 8011:8011 \
    --env-file .env \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    context9:latest
</code></pre>

</details>



## License

Licensed under the Apache License, version 2.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Acknowledge

This repo benefits from [context7](https://github.com/upstash/context7). Thanks to the authors and contributors for their excellent work and inspiration.

## ⭐ Star History
[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Prism-Shadow/context9&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#Prism-Shadow/context9&Date)

Commit message:

feat[repo]: support import and export repos using template

README.md, after:

![Cover](public/context9.png)

# Context9 - Bring Live Doc into Your Agent Context

<div align="center">
  <p><b>Up-to-date</b> &middot; <b>Local-first</b> &middot; <b>Low-hallucination</b></p>
</div>

<div align="center">

**[X](https://x.com/prismshadow_ai)** · **[Discord](https://discord.gg/4TQ2bsSb)** · **[Issues](https://github.com/Prism-Shadow/context9/issues)**

</div>

<div align="center">

[![Apache 2.0 licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
![MCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/MCP-Native-brightgreen)

</div>

<div align="center">

[![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-简体中文-orange)](./docs/README.zh-CN.md)
[![繁體中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-繁體中文-darkorange)](./docs/README.zh-HK.md)
[![日本語](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-日本語-red)](./docs/README.ja.md)
[![한국어 문서](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-한국어-darkred)](./docs/README.ko.md)

</div>

---

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/553ab8a2-5227-42fa-a8bd-692cd13c0b96

## Why Context9?

- 🎯 Up-to-date knowledge: Real-time knowledge synchronization and reduce AI agent hallucinations.
- 🔐 Local-first: Fully open sourced and deploy on your own server, safely access your private knowledge.
- ⚙️ Easy-to-use Web UI: Easily manage your repositories and API-key permissions through the Context9 Panel.


## What Context9 Actually Does

**Context9 (Context Mine)** is an MCP (Model Context Protocol) server. With local deployment, Context9 securely feeds agents with the most up-to-date documentation, reducing LLM hallucinations.


<div style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="public/overview.png" alt="overview" style="width: 80%; height: auto;">
</div>


## Install Context9

### Run Context9 server

```shell
docker run -d \
    --name context9 \
    -p 8011:8011 \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    ghcr.io/prism-shadow/context9:latest \
    python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 600
```

Or you can specify the port on which Context9 runs.

```shell
docker run -d \
    --name context9 \
    -e CONTEXT9_PORT=<port> \
    -p <port>:<port> \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    ghcr.io/prism-shadow/context9:latest \
    python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 600
```

## Configure Context9

### Login to Context9

Visit `http://<server_ip>:8011/` to login to Context9

- Default username: `ctx9-admin`
- Default password: `88888888`

Remember to change the default password when you first log in to Context9.

![login](public/login.png)


### Add repositories

Add the repositories you need in Context9 by filling in the repository owner, repository name, and branch.
- For private repositories, you also need to provide a [GitHub Token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens)

Export & Import Repos using the Context9 template
- **Export Repos**: You can click the `Export Repos` button to export the current repository configuration as a local template, making it easy to reuse later.
- **Import Repos**: You can click the `Import Repos` button to import a Context9 template into your repository configuration. Context9 also provides several [templates](./template_repo/) for reference and use.


![repo](public/repo.png)


### Add API Keys

Generate an API key that can be used to access Context9.

![api_key](public/api_key.png)

After generating the API key, you need to configure which repositories the API key is allowed to access.

![key2repo](public/key2repo.png)

### Test Context9 (Optional)

You can test your configured Context9 instance by simply entering the current Context9 Server IP and API key in the MCP Inspector.

![inspector](public/inspector.png)


## Integrate Context9 with Agent

After deploying the Context9 service, you can seamlessly integrate both private and public real-time code documentation into your agents. You can connect to the Context9 MCP service using tools such as Cursor and Claude Code.

### Install in Cursor

Go to: `Settings` ->`Cursor Settings` -> `Tools & MCP` -> `Add a Custom MCP Server`

Paste the configuration below into `~/.cursor/mcp.json`. If you want to configure Context9 for a specific project only, create `.cursor/mcp.json` in the project directory and paste the configuration there.

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Context9": {
      "url": "http://<server_ip>:8011/api/mcp/",
      "headers": {
        "Authorization": "Bearer <CTX9_API_KEY>"
      }
    }
  }
}
```


### Install in Claude Code
Run the following command to add Context9 to Claude Code.

```shell
claude mcp add --transport http Context9 http://<server_ip>:8011/api/mcp/ --header "Authorization: Bearer <CTX9_API_KEY>"
```


### Suggestions for Context9 Usage

To avoid adding extra prompts every time you use Context9, we recommend that you:


- Use `CLAUDE.md` in Claude Code.
- Use `AGENTS.md` for Cursor, CodeX and other agents.
- Add rules in Cursor.

#### Use `CLAUDE.md` for Claude Code

Add a prompt to CLAUDE.md to enable Context9:

```
- Always retrieve required documentation via Context9
```

#### Use `AGENT.md` for Cursor, CodeX and other agents

Add rules to AGENTS.md, for example:

```text
Rules:
- Always retrieve required documentation via Context9
```

#### Add Rule for Cursor

Go to: `Setting` -> `Rules and Commands` -> `Add Rule`

Rule example:

```text
Always use Context9 MCP to obtain the necessary documentation, regardless of whether I explicitly ask for it.
```

## Work with Context9

### Set up entry documentation

To enable Context9 to correctly discover and index your repository documentation, each repository should provide a Spec document.
By default, Context9 expects a file named spec.md at the root of the repository.

```text
your-repo/
├── spec.md          ← Specification entry point
├── README.md
├── docs/
│   └── ...
└── ...
```

> If you need to use a different filename or path, remember to update the repository configuration.


### Use relative link in documentation

You do not need to think about MCP, indexing, or document resolution. Just maintain documentation links using normal repository-relative paths, exactly as you would for human readers.

Example in documentation.

```markdown
## Related Documents
- [Detailed Guide](docs/detailed-guide.md)
- [API Reference](guides/api-reference.md)
- [FAQ](faq.md)
```

As long as these links are valid within the repository, Context9 will:

- Discover the documents
- Index them correctly
- Make them available to AI agents in real time


## Deploy Context9 from source
<details>
<summary>Expand</summary>

<h3>GUI Deployment</h3>

<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>

<ul>
<li>Python >= 3.10</li>
<li>Node.js >= 18</li>
<li>Repository access (public or with authentication token)</li>
</ul>

<h4>Clone Context9 repository</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell">git clone https://github.com/Prism-Shadow/context9.git && cd context9
</code></pre>

<h4>Set up python environment</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Install the package
uv sync

# Or install with development dependencies
uv sync --dev
</code></pre>

<h4>Install frontend dependencies</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell">cd gui
npm install
cd ..
</code></pre>

<h4>Configure Environment</h4>

<p>Set the following environment variables (create a <code>.env</code> file, see <a href=".env_example">.env example</a> or export them directly):</p>

<ul>
<li><code>CONTEXT9_PORT</code> (Optional): Specifies the port number on which the Context9 service runs. Defaults to 8011.</li>
</ul>

<pre><code class="language-env">CONTEXT9_PORT=xxxx
</code></pre>

<h4>Build GUI and launch server</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Build frontend and start backend (serves GUI + API on the same port)
# Server is running on port 8011, visit http://&lt;server_ip&gt;:8011/
uv run python scripts/start.py --github_sync_interval 600

# Update repos every 60 seconds
uv run python scripts/start.py --github_sync_interval 60
</code></pre>

<p>Once started, open the GUI at: <code>http://&lt;server_ip&gt;:8011/</code></p>

<h4>Launch Context9 GUI with Docker</h4>

<p>You can also run the GUI deployment using Docker. Context9 provides a ready-to-use <a href="docker/Dockerfile">Dockerfile</a>.</p>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Build docker image
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile -t context9-gui:latest .

# Run docker container
docker run -d \
    --name context9-gui \
    -p 8011:8011 \
    --env-file .env \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    context9-gui:latest \
    python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 600
</code></pre>

<p>The GUI and API are served from the same port. Open <code>http://&lt;server_ip&gt;:8011/</code> in your browser.</p>

<p>The default login username is <code>ctx9-admin</code>, and the default password is <code>88888888</code>. Change password when you login to Context9.</p>

<h3>CLI Deployment</h3>

<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>

<ul>
<li>Python >= 3.10</li>
<li>Repository access (public or with authentication token)</li>
<li>Optional: Webhook setup for event-based updates</li>
</ul>

<h4>Clone Context9 repository</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell">git clone https://github.com/Prism-Shadow/context9.git && cd context9
</code></pre>

<h4>Set up python environment</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Install the package
uv sync

# Or install with development dependencies
uv sync --dev
</code></pre>

<h4>Configure repository</h4>

<p>Configure the repositories you need in <code>config.yaml</code> (private &amp; public repositories)</p>

<p>An example of <code>config.yaml</code> file. <a href="config_example.yaml">config example</a></p>
<pre><code class="language-yaml"># config.yaml
repos:
# Private Repo 1
  - owner: OwnerName
    repo: RepoName
    branch: BranchName
    root_spec_path: RootSpecPath
# Private Repo 2 (Default root_spec_path is spec.md)
  - owner: OwnerName
    repo: RepoName
    branch: BranchName
# Public Repo 1 (Example: sglang)
  - owner: sgl-project
    repo: sglang
    branch: main
    root_spec_path: README.md
</code></pre>

<p>You can include both private and public repositories.</p>

<details>
<summary><b>Configure public repos</b></summary>
<p>Simply specify the repository owner, name, and branch in <code>config.yaml</code>.</p>
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Configure private repos</b></summary>

<ol>
  <li>
    Specify the repository owner, name, and branch in
    <code>config.yaml</code>.
  </li>
  <li>
    Add an authentication token with repository access permissions
    to your environment.
    <a href="#configure-environment">Configure environment</a>
  </li>
</ol>

</details>

<h4>Configure Environment</h4>

<p>Set the following environment variables (create a <code>.env</code> file or export them directly):</p>
<ul>
<li><code>CTX9_API_KEY</code> (Required): API key used for server authentication to access private resources. <strong>Specified by an administrator. Keep it random and confidential.</strong></li>
<li><code>GITHUB_TOKEN</code> (Optional): Required when configuring private repositories in <code>config.yaml</code>. This is not limited to a GitHub personal access token—any organization-issued repository access token is supported, as long as it conforms to the GitHub API specification.</li>
<li><code>CONTEXT9_PORT</code> (Optional): Specifies the port number on which the Context9 MCP service runs. If not specified, it defaults to 8011.</li>
</ul>

<p>An example of <code>.env</code> file. <a href=".env_example">.env example</a></p>

<pre><code class="language-env">GITHUB_TOKEN=github_token
CTX9_API_KEY=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

# Optional
CONTEXT9_PORT=8080
</code></pre>

<h4>Launch Context9 server</h4>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Default:
# Sync repos every 600 seconds (10 minutes)
# Run server on port 8011
uv run python -m context9.server --config_file config.yaml

# Sync repos every 60 seconds (1 minute)
uv run python -m context9.server --github_sync_interval 60 --config_file config.yaml

# Run server on port 8080 (or define CONTEXT9_PORT in .env)
CONTEXT9_PORT=8080 uv run python -m context9.server --config_file config.yaml
</code></pre>

<h4>Launch Context9 Server with Docker</h4>

<p>You can also run Context9 using Docker. Context9 provides a ready-to-use <a href="docker/Dockerfile-cli">Dockerfile</a>.</p>

<p>The <code>config.yaml</code> file is included in the Docker image during the build process, so there is no need to provide it again when starting the container.</p>

<pre><code class="language-shell"># Build docker image
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile-cli -t context9:latest .

# Run docker container
# Change port mapping according to your .env
docker run -d \
    --name context9 \
    -p 8011:8011 \
    --env-file .env \
    --restart unless-stopped \
    context9:latest
</code></pre>

</details>



## License

Licensed under the Apache License, version 2.0. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Acknowledge

This repo benefits from [context7](https://github.com/upstash/context7). Thanks to the authors and contributors for their excellent work and inspiration.

## ⭐ Star History

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=Prism-Shadow/context9&type=date&legend=top-left)](https://www.star-history.com/#Prism-Shadow/context9&type=date&legend=top-left)
